Course Outline and Topics

	Sections:
		Introduction
		Setup and File Structure
		Components
		Template Syntax
		Events and Forms
		Services and HTTP 
		Angular Router
		FAQ App project
		ClientPanel Project (Part 1)
		ClientPanel Project (Part 2)

What is Angular?
	
	Angular is a client side JavaScript framework created and maintained by Google. It is used to build powerful front-end applications, and can be used with any back-end server and has great RESTful API interaction. 

	It is a powerful part of the MEAN Stack (MongoDB, Express, Angular, NodeJS).

Why use Angular?
	
	It's good for rapid front-end development and handles things that are very difficult to do with traditional JS (Routing, AJAX, etc.)
	Code Generation and Scaffolding allows for generation of components, services, routes, etc. 
	Good organization due to components being broken into their own pieces 
	Services can stretch across all components that can send and receive data 
	The content is dynamic, and can be updated on the fly. Variables, controls structures, loops, etc. can all be used
	Cross platform compatibility, OS and browser doesn't affect Angular funcitonality 
	It's unit test ready as it includes testing built in to the framework 

Angular can be installed via quick start (github, boilerplate) or the angular command line interface (recommended), and it has Node.JS and NPM as dependencies. 


Angular versions:

	AngularJS / Angular 1, Angular2, and Angular4
		=Angular3 was skipped due to misalignment of some packages in order to avoid confusion

		AngularJS / Angular1 released in 2010
			Competator to Ember and backbone, used controllers and scope (data binding)

		Angular2 released in 2015
			Complete rewrite of Angular1 / AngularJS, not more controllers or scope, now everything is in components
				=> NOT BACKWARDS COMPATIBLE WITH ANGULAR1 / ANGULARJS

		Angular4 released in 2017
			Referred to as "Angular", backwards compatible with Angular 2 
			Reduced size / more compact / faster compiling 
			Most changes made under the hood